there is an increase in the more the
wealthy paying more taxes I pay tax I
pay yeah exactly where can people pay
taxes the wealthiest people don't pay
tax they pay much much lower rates of
tax right and why is that is that
because they can afford to move their
money elsewhere is it because they can
afford to leave the country you know
what I might question it's partially
because we have a prime minister whose
father knows one of the richest men in
the world we have a previous prime
minister who wanted to make millions of
pounds as soon as he left office they've
become and made 10 million pounds in a
year of leaving office if you put tax
decisions in the hands of people who are
extremely rich or are about to become
extremely rich do you think they will
say Lex that's extremely rich people all
right Nikki I think that's a cheap shot
keep keep throwing at the Prime Minister
you know he comes from the background he
comes from he's worked hard like you in
the city and you know he's made his
contribution